Okay.
So this is going to be a fun lesson because we're going to use TDD to wire up a part of our View X Store
State.
So as a reminder of what our goal is, we ultimately want to move the storage of our jobs away from
being a local piece of data on our job listings component to being a piece of state on our View X Store.
Right?
So let's open up our View X Store file that's going to be in a store index state.
Yes.
And so here is our current state of the store and we have a single property of is logged in.
And obviously we want here to be a new property, which I think we can call jobs.
That makes sense.
Right.
And it's going to be the exact same idea as we have in job listings.
It's going to start out as an empty array and then we're going to make an API request, get a bunch
of jobs from our backend and then populate that jobs slice of the view state with our new array of actual
jobs.
Right.
But we're going to do a TDD approach first.
So let's actually write our test first.
So I'm going to open up the test fund that I have for my store.
So I think it should be in store.
Index that, test that.
Yes, there we go.
You should find this file right here it is in test unit, store index that test that.
Yes.
And here we have a separate describe the block for the state of the store.
Here we have our very first test that checks for the is logged in property and describes the user value.
So I'm going to do the exact same thing here.
I'm going to write a test.
And what is the responsibility of the View store?
It's going to store job listing its stores job listings.
Okay.
So we're going to follow a very similar protocol to what we did above.
We're going to invoke our state function that we imported from the file on the left.
And I'm going to assign it to a constant called starting state, and I'm going to check for just one
property on that starting state object.
It doesn't exist yet.
That is the whole point of TDD.
We talk about how it should work.
So I expect that on my view store starting state, I should have a property called Jobs and it should
equal an empty array.
When the store starts out right.
So this is going to fail as it should.
And then we could basically use this to influence our implementation.
So right now, of course, our test failure is saying, hey, I expected to receive an empty array,
but I'm actually receiving undefined when I access the jobs property on this object that I get back,
which makes sense.
So our implementation in this case is kind of the exact same as our test, which is silly, but it actually
makes sense because now we have our store state fully tested.
So right here we're going to add that jobs property.
We're going to add our empty array.
We're going to save that.
Let it rerun.
It's looking like it's taking a little bit of time on my computer for seconds that that, I assure you,
is not anything bad in our test design.
That is my slow MacBook running, particularly offensively slow right now.
But we can see that everything passed and so we now added a new slice of state to our Veeck store.
So the next thing we want to do in the next lesson is to write the mutation that's going to receive
those jobs and update this jobs property of the U.S. store state.